Welcome to the ForSyDe IO to C compiler!
The input file is:
toy_sdf_small_cycle.fiodl
 
Vertex:
Name: p1

Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFActor
visualization = Visualizable
impl = InstrumentedExecutable

Signals:
sin
s1
s6

Parameters:
sizeInBits = 800, l
operationRequirements = 
default = 
integer add = 2, l
consumption = 
sin = 2, i
s6 = 1, i
production = 
s1 = 1, i


Vertex:
Name: p2

Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFActor
visualization = Visualizable
impl = InstrumentedExecutable

Signals:
s1
s2
s3

Parameters:
sizeInBits = 800, l
operationRequirements = 
default = 
integer add = 1, l
consumption = 
s1 = 1, i
production = 
s2 = 1, i
s3 = 1, i


Vertex:
Name: p3

Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFActor
visualization = Visualizable
impl = InstrumentedExecutable

Signals:
s3
s5
s6

Parameters:
sizeInBits = 800, l
operationRequirements = 
default = 
integer add = 2, l
consumption = 
s3 = 2, i
s5 = 2, i
production = 
s6 = 2, i


Vertex:
Name: p4

Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFActor
visualization = Visualizable
impl = InstrumentedExecutable

Signals:
s2
s4
sout

Parameters:
sizeInBits = 800, l
operationRequirements = 
default = 
integer add = 2, l
consumption = 
s2 = 1, i
production = 
s4 = 1, i
sout = 3, i


Vertex:
Name: p5

Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFActor
visualization = Visualizable
impl = InstrumentedExecutable

Signals:
s4
s5

Parameters:
sizeInBits = 800, l
operationRequirements = 
default = 
integer add = 1, l
consumption = 
s4 = 1, i
production = 
s5 = 1, i


Vertex:
Name: s1Sig

Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFChannel
visualization = Visualizable

Signals:
producer
consumer
initialTokenValues

Parameters:
numOfInitialTokens = 0, i


Vertex:
Name: s2Sig

Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFChannel
visualization = Visualizable

Signals:
producer
consumer
initialTokenValues

Parameters:
numOfInitialTokens = 0, i


Vertex:
Name: s3Sig

Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFChannel
visualization = Visualizable

Signals:
producer
consumer
initialTokenValues

Parameters:
numOfInitialTokens = 0, i


Vertex:
Name: s4Sig

Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFChannel
visualization = Visualizable

Signals:
producer
consumer
initialTokenValues

Parameters:
numOfInitialTokens = 0, i


Vertex:
Name: s5Sig

Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFChannel
visualization = Visualizable

Signals:
producer
consumer
initialTokenValues

Parameters:
numOfInitialTokens = 0, i


Vertex:
Name: s6Sig

Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFChannel
visualization = Visualizable

Signals:
producer
consumer
initialTokenValues

Parameters:
numOfInitialTokens = 2, i


Edge:
Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFDataEdge
visualization = VisualConnection

From Signal: p1
From Port: s1

To Signal: s1Sig
To Port: producer


Edge:
Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFDataEdge
visualization = VisualConnection

From Signal: s1Sig
From Port: consumer

To Signal: p2
To Port: s1


Edge:
Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFDataEdge
visualization = VisualConnection

From Signal: p2
From Port: s2

To Signal: s2Sig
To Port: producer


Edge:
Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFDataEdge
visualization = VisualConnection

From Signal: p2
From Port: s3

To Signal: s3Sig
To Port: producer


Edge:
Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFDataEdge
visualization = VisualConnection

From Signal: s2Sig
From Port: consumer

To Signal: p4
To Port: s2


Edge:
Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFDataEdge
visualization = VisualConnection

From Signal: s3Sig
From Port: consumer

To Signal: p3
To Port: s3


Edge:
Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFDataEdge
visualization = VisualConnection

From Signal: p4
From Port: s4

To Signal: s4Sig
To Port: producer


Edge:
Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFDataEdge
visualization = VisualConnection

From Signal: s4Sig
From Port: consumer

To Signal: p5
To Port: s4


Edge:
Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFDataEdge
visualization = VisualConnection

From Signal: p5
From Port: s5

To Signal: s5Sig
To Port: producer


Edge:
Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFDataEdge
visualization = VisualConnection

From Signal: s5Sig
From Port: consumer

To Signal: p3
To Port: s5


Edge:
Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFDataEdge
visualization = VisualConnection

From Signal: p3
From Port: s6

To Signal: s6Sig
To Port: producer


Edge:
Attributes:
moc = sdf, SDFDataEdge
visualization = VisualConnection

From Signal: s6Sig
From Port: consumer

To Signal: p1
To Port: s6



